Hyphens.
In this video, we are going to discuss about the concepts of b2,
a3 to work with AWS S3 service.
See, not only for your AWS S3 service,
if you want to work with any of your AWS service using B23,
you ought to know the concepts of your B23. Right?
Let me go with one-by-one.
See, after importing B23 in your Python script,
the very first step you have to do is you need to create a session.
An intuition you have two types.
One is custom session and one more is default session.
First, let me go with the default session.
So you will take default session whenever if you are
running your Python moto three scraped based on IAM role.
So we can assign some IAM role to EC2 instance.
Or you can assign IAM role do or lambda support.
Just assume that you are assigned IAM role to your EC2 instance.
That means whatever the code you're running on your EC2 instance
is based on IAM role are the time you have to take default session.
The same way.
Anyway, most of the cases whenever,
if we are running some code through lambda, right?
So we will assign some role to lambda,
then we will execute our code, right?
So whenever if you assign role,
IAM role do lambda at that time, right?
You have to take default decision.
I mean you have to create default session.
Then, what about customization?
So you just assume that you're going to execute your code from local host.
And you did not assigned any IAM role to your EC2 instance.
And you configured the credentials of
some IAM user on your local host with some profile names.
So with some profile names means,
you know, you have AWS configure command.
So suppose if you run your analysts configure command like AWS configured space hyphen,
hyphen profile, then some Profile Name.
That means if you allow some multiple IAM uses credentials in your hand,
right, to identify different IAM users.
You are storing the credential soft different IAM users on your local host.
By running, let me show you that command ones.
Aws, configure, hyphen, hyphen,
profile, some profile name.
Let me say suppose there when Iran meant.
Then after entering this ID will ask some credentials than
what our the IAM user you have in your hand for that.
What are the credentials you, how those credentials you have to pass here.
So now to identify that credentials,
you're taking simply this name,
but you can take any name here.
The only thing to identify
your particular IAM user credentials you are giving some profile name.
The same way you can also run AWS,
configure, hyphen, hyphen profile, some product, right?
Aws configure hyphen, hyphen profile.
Let's say some tests and environment,
not just on your local host to identify your credentials for particular IAM user,
you're providing some Profile Name.
And while running your Python b2,
a3 script with what I am user access, you are going to run.
At that time, you had to create a custom shun, right?
So already we have seen while working with your EC2 instance.
Now anyway, while going forward, again,
while working with your S3,
we will create customizations and as well as your default sessions.
That is the very first step.
Then second one is you have to create the world S3 console, right?
Using either resource or client object.
C, you are having this resource object only for some of the services.
Already we shown that in our course, right?
The resource is not available for each and every AWS service.
It is only for some of the services.
Right?
So S3 anyway, S3 is having resource as well as client object.
And if a client is there by default for each and every AWS service.
Right?
Now before going to implement the work core,
you need to decide whether you want to go with a resource object
or you wanted to go with client object. Right?
There is the second step.
Now Mehta, see these metta is nothing but just assumed that you started
your Python moto three scream for your particular service using resource.
And you found that some particular operation is not available with you or resource.
Right?
At the time you don't need to create client
because inclined you how each and every operation,
you started your code with resource.
And you identified that some of the operations or whatever the operations you need,
they are not available with your resource.
Are the time in order to create a client object.
You can, from resource,
you can enter into client with the help of metta object.
That means you can access the client operations in resource using metal object.
Ok, suppose if you are getting confusion,
just forget about resource on metta.
You can always try to
economics implementable code with client because with planed Everything is possible.
But you need it right?
Some number of lines here compared to resource.
Resource will take less number of lines.
I mean, while implementing your core.
Right?
These are the very important things.
Whenever if you are going to write your Python boat with risk,
then after that, collections, like filters.
Anyway, the how in collections freed us.
But basically collections are like filters.
That means you are trying to access,
suppose all the buckets which are there in
your particular universe account. Yes, directly.
You can get your all you can get your all buckets of your database.
But sometimes I want to get only particular based on some condition.
I need to feed her. I don't want to get all budgets.
I want to get only some of them based on some prefix or some delimiter.
So at the time you need to include collections in your code.
Then wait us.
Just assume that you are writing some Python skip through which
you are going to create some S3 bucket off to creation of that.
In the next line, you are writing some code to upload some bucket to your saw sorry sum,
but some object to your S3 bucket.
Right? Just assume that you
executed one line through which you are creating your S3 bucket,
enumerating the next line,
you have a code to upload some object to or S3.
Right?
But while uploading,
your S3 bucket should be there because just now only you are creating,
just argued that it is going to take some time.
But before completion of creation of your S3,
you're trying to upload some object to your S3.
Suppose while uploading your object to S3,
just assumed that your S3 is not it created completely,
then you will get an exception.
That's why only during these type of situations,
if you're trying to create something after that,
you are trying to use that.
So I'm trying to create S3 bucket.
After that, I am trying to use the S3 bucket to upload some object into that.
So whenever, if these type of cases immediately, right?
So between these two lines,
you have to include your waiter.
What is the purpose of waiter means?
The waiter will wait up to until what time of the previously you executed.
I mean, the core which is there here no,
that is for creation of bucket.
So until that's creationist completed.
That wait, wait, wait.
So simply waiter will wait for to reach your required state based on your operation.
So after completion of your waiter line, right, anyway,
wait and we'll wait for some time until the S3 bucket is created, then you can upload it.
So that is the use of waiters, very,
very important waiters concepts.
Then you how fascinated.
See whenever if you're wiring your AWS service resides, right?
By default, the normal AWS moto three APA call
will fetch maximum either 50 or a 100 results,
except days 34, S3,
you will get maximum 1000 results per APA call.
Just assume that one S3 bucket,
I'm having 2 thousand objects.
So if you go and write,
stride forward a code using your client or resource object,
that object cannot fetch all you are
2 thousand objects with a single API call with your normal B23 script.
Okay?
Only client-based, not for resource, only client,
client object cannot get all 2 thousand objects using single APA call.
Then at that time, before making your APA calls.
So you want to create some pages through border three only.
So what it will do means whatever the results based on that reserves,
it will create number of pages.
Suppose you have 2 thousand objects in your S3.
Now both we will create two pages automatically.
Then first bucket, first page,
you'll get 1000 results.
And second page you will get one more 1000 results so that you are getting
all 2 thousand objects using you are B23 script.
So at the time you have to use resonators.
Not only here guys, even while we're displaying our IAM users information, right?
We use this past senators sam concept.
Right? So that is the use of resonators.
So there's these or the total concepts of your boat
moto three to work with any AWS service.
So anyway, right now we are going to work with history.
That's why just I'm reminding you about this concepts.
Okay? Okay.
I saw thank you for watching this video.